---
title: Starter Kit 1A
description: Start Your First Year at INSA Right
tags:
- Starter Kit
- 1A
- New Student
sidebar_position: 1

---
Are you starting your first year at INSA Hauts de France this year? Congratulations! 🎉 A great experience is about to begin!

If you're on this page, you're looking for more details about the course content and the tools you need to master for your first year. You're in the right place!

Don't hesitate to check out the [course and study structure](/futur-etudiant/starter-packs#fonctionnement-des-cours) if you haven't already.

## Basics to know before starting classes
- In Analysis (maths), it's important to know the methods of **function study** well, which means formulas and methods of differentiation and integration, limits, continuity, and function analysis. If you didn't take the advanced maths option in high school, we recommend reviewing **Complex Numbers** and having a good grasp of **proof techniques** will be very useful during these two preparatory years.
- In Algebra (maths), it can be useful to review the **set theory vocabulary** ( $\forall, \exists, \in, \subset, \cap, \cup, \iff, \Rightarrow...$ ).

<details>
  <summary>Concepts on Complex Numbers</summary>
  <div>
    <div>
        In analysis, the year starts directly with **Complex Numbers**. If you didn't take the advanced Maths option in high school, we strongly recommend taking a look at the basics so you won't be lost from the first class.

        Useful link: [Yvan Monka's Terminale Course - The goat](https://www.maths-et-tiques.fr/telech/Tcompl.pdf)
    
    </div>
  </div>
</details>

- No pure chemistry courses at INSA HdF. Just review the structures of **cells**, **compactness** seen in Scientific Education in high school.
- In Physics, review the courses on **electricity**, **Newton's second law**, thermodynamics.

For optics, algebra, mechanics, electro, and other subjects, everything will be started from scratch. It is necessary to have mathematical knowledge.

:::warning[Don't throw away your middle school calculator!]

    Some professors only allow middle school calculators for exams, so don't get rid of it.
:::
<details>
    <summary>For the curious ones</summary>
        <div>
            - **The Syllabus**: [Syllabus 1A](/files/syllabus/Syllabus_1A_2023_2024.pdf) - This is the official program for the first year.
        </div>
</details>
