---
title: Starter Kit 2A
description: Start Your 2nd Year at INSA Right
tags:
- Starter Kit
- 2A
- New Student

sidebar_position: 2

---

Are you about to start your **2nd year of preparatory class at INSA**? Here are some tips to start this new year off right!

## How the Year Works

First, you should know that this year is special. It consists of 3 periods of regular classes, and the last period is dedicated to exploring specialties. There is no requirement to do an internship at the end of the year.

### Conditions for Obtaining a Specialty
At the end of the year, you will have to choose an engineering specialty. You will need to rank all the specialties offered by the school, and the selection will be based on ranking. **The ranking** takes into account **the 2 semesters of 1A** and **the first semester of 2A**.

## Basics to Have Before Starting Classes

- In Physics, review the **solution of differential equations**. They will be used in Wave Physics 1 and Automatic Control 2.
- For Wave Optics, Wave Physics, and Electromagnetism, it is important to master the application of **Gauss's** and **Ampere's theorems**, know the formulas & laws that apply to electric and magnetic fields. It is also important to know the **PFD** and the **PFS**.
- Automatic Control 2 builds on concepts studied in the first year. We recommend **reviewing the methods and vocabulary** (static gain, Laplacian...)

<details>
    <summary>For the Curious</summary>
        <div>
            - **The Syllabus**: [Syllabus 2A](/files/syllabus/Syllabus_2A_2023_2024.pdf) - This is the official program for the second year.
        </div>
</details>

